.TH GPT-SESSION 1 "November 2025" "SentinelShell 0.1.0" "User Commands"

.SH NAME
gpt-session \- AI-assisted terminal session logger with autosync, redaction, and replay

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B gpt-session
[\fIcommand\fP]

.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B gpt-session
command provides full terminal session logging, AI-powered summaries,
redaction of sensitive data, managable autosync, replay support, and
profile-based context for AI tools.

Session logs are stored in:
.IP
~/.gpt_sessions/

For each session, a log file and a timing file are generated using the
.B script(1)
and
.B scriptreplay(1)
tools.

OpenAI integration is optional; SentinelShell functions without it.

.SH COMMANDS

.TP
.B start
Begin a new terminal logging session. Creates:
.br
~/.gpt_sessions/<project>_<timestamp>.log
.br
~/.gpt_sessions/<project>_<timestamp>.time

.TP
.B stop
Stop the running logging session. If OpenAI CLI is installed, an
AI-generated summary is produced and saved as:
.br
~/.gpt_sessions/<log>.summary.md

.TP
.B sync [LOGFILE]
Manually sync a session log to ChatGPT. If no logfile is provided, the
most recent log is used. Sensitive data is automatically redacted.

.TP
.B autosync-on [MINUTES]
Enable background autosync every N minutes. Default: 30 minutes.
Autosync only runs while a session is active.

.TP
.B autosync-off
Disable autosync.

.TP
.B autosync-status
Display the current autosync status, including interval and PID.

.TP
.B replay
Replay the most recent session using
.B scriptreplay(1).
Recreates the timing and output exactly as captured.

.TP
.B status
Show whether a logging session is currently running.

.TP
.B profile
Initialize or display the user profile stored in:
.br
~/.gpt_sessions/profile.txt

.TP
.B --version
Display the installed SentinelShell version.

.SH REDACTION
Sensitive content is removed before logs are synced or summarized:

.IP \(bu 2
Passwords and secrets: "password=", "passwd=", "secret=", etc.
.IP \(bu 2
Bearer tokens
.IP \(bu 2
API keys (OPENAI_API_KEY, api_key=)
.IP \(bu 2
IPv4 addresses
.IP \(bu 2
Private key blocks (PEM)

.SH FILES
.IP "~/.gpt_sessions/"
Session logs, timing files, summaries, autosync data, profile.

.IP "/usr/local/bin/gpt-session"
Installed binary (main script).

.IP "/usr/local/share/man/man1/gpt-session.1"
Man page.

.SH EXAMPLES

.TP
Start a new session:
.RS
\fBgpt-session start\fP
.RE

.TP
Stop the session and generate a summary:
.RS
\fBgpt-session stop\fP
.RE

.TP
Replay the previous session:
.RS
\fBgpt-session replay\fP
.RE

.TP
Enable autosync every 10 minutes:
.RS
\fBgpt-session autosync-on 10\fP
.RE

.TP
Initialize the user profile:
.RS
\fBgpt-session profile\fP
.RE

.SH AUTHOR
SentinelShell is developed and maintained by the open-source community.
GitHub: https://github.com/necr0bot/SentinelShell

.SH LICENSE
MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.
